pure drama as a woman hangs out of her
apartment window for dear life her
building is engulfed in flames she's
trapped inside with her 67 year old
mother and her two dogs okay are you
inside now yeah okay you can hear mom
screaming is it you your mom who else is
inside please they're on the way police
and firefighters rushed to the scene and
the entire rescue unfolds on a cop's
body camera a large garbage dumpster is
dragged below the window a moment later
the woman in the window
throws out her dog look at that again in
slow motion the pooch is carried off and
then a second dog is thrown out the
window now it's time for the woman to
jump come on there you go come on join
without but she is too terrified to take
the lead that's when two ladders are
brought in the daughter is rescued first
then out comes mom feet first she's
carried down the ladder 67 year old mom
Dolores Dobbins is grateful to be alive
before the ladder got there I didn't
think we're gonna live through it
when did you know that everything would
be okay when the fireman was pulling
pulling me out left she thanked the hero
firefighters during a ceremony in
Modesto California on Tuesday Jesse
Miguel and Jason Wyatt put everything on
the line to make the rescue when we
arrived on scene the daughter was
already straddling the window she was
halfway and halfway out of the wheel Oh
you